Feature/hide header label [VID-50] (#212)
vtex-apps/login: docs/README.md

| `showIconProfile`                                  | `Boolean` | Enables icon `hpa-profile`                                                                               | -             |
| `iconSize` (DEPRECATED - use icon blocks instead)  | `Number`  | Set size of the profile icon                                                                             | -             |
| `iconLabel`                                        | `String`  | Set label of the login button                                                                            | -             |

> | `hideIconLabel`                                    | `Boolean` | Hide label of the login button                                                                           | false         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hideIconLabel`  | `boolean` | Whether the Login button label should be hidden (`true`) or not (`false`).    | `false`     |
```
